README.md, before:

# A321Neo for X-Plane 11
A freeware and open source aircraft for X-Plane 11.


## Status
### THE AIRCRAFT IS UNDER DEVELOPMENT: MANY FEATURES AND TEXTURES ARE STILL MISSING.
Please don't complain to the developers for the missing features and check the #progress channel on our discord server. We are working to provide a **free** aircraft to the community, and your patience is really appreciated.


## License
Different components of this aircraft addon are licensed under different licenses.
* The main repository structure, all the lua files, the cockpit images, and all other files not otherwise specified are distributed according to the **GNU General Public License V3.0**. Please refer to the main [LICENSE](LICENSE) file. The copyright owners are all the developers contributing to the project. **If you create a derivative work you MUST share it under GPL or a GPL-compatible license!**
* For other components (plugin engine, sounds, and graphical model) please refer to the [ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.md](ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.md) file.

## Install
Just git clone repo to the Aircraft X-Plane directory. Once the development reaches a stable stage, zip files of stable releases will be provided. 

## Developers
You can check the [Github developer page](https://github.com/JonathanOrr/A321Neo-FXPL/graphs/contributors). The main contributors are:
* [Jonathan](https://github.com/JonathanOrr) (project leader)
* [Henrick](https://github.com/KuHenrick)
* [Chai](https://github.com/Chai112)
* [RicoRico](https://github.com/rico23rico)


## Discord Server
https://discord.gg/ByeyTXS


## Current Visual state
![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/691973360556441610/759809658285326346/A321_-_2020-09-27_15.45.47.png)
![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/691973360556441610/759809671611285534/A321_-_2020-09-23_19.53.12.png)
![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/743487226607829003/800779152826957855/A321_-_2021-01-19_1.15.37_am.png)

Commit message:

[README] Add a message for the missing texture

README.md, after:

# A321Neo for X-Plane 11
A freeware and open source aircraft for X-Plane 11.


## Status
### THE AIRCRAFT IS UNDER DEVELOPMENT: MANY FEATURES AND TEXTURES ARE STILL MISSING.
Please don't complain to the developers for the missing features and check the #progress channel on our discord server. We are working to provide a **free** aircraft to the community, and your patience is really appreciated.


## License
Different components of this aircraft addon are licensed under different licenses.
* The main repository structure, all the lua files, the cockpit images, and all other files not otherwise specified are distributed according to the **GNU General Public License V3.0**. Please refer to the main [LICENSE](LICENSE) file. The copyright owners are all the developers contributing to the project. **If you create a derivative work you MUST share it under GPL or a GPL-compatible license!**
* For other components (plugin engine, sounds, and graphical model) please refer to the [ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.md](ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.md) file.

## Install
Just git clone repo to the Aircraft X-Plane directory. Once the development reaches a stable stage, zip files of stable releases will be provided. 

## Developers
You can check the [Github developer page](https://github.com/JonathanOrr/A321Neo-FXPL/graphs/contributors). The main contributors are:
* [Jonathan](https://github.com/JonathanOrr) (project leader)
* [Henrick](https://github.com/KuHenrick)
* [Chai](https://github.com/Chai112)
* [RicoRico](https://github.com/rico23rico)


## Discord Server
https://discord.gg/ByeyTXS


## Current Visual state
### NOTE: The model is being redone: the external texture has been temporarily removed

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/691973360556441610/759809658285326346/A321_-_2020-09-27_15.45.47.png)
![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/691973360556441610/759809671611285534/A321_-_2020-09-23_19.53.12.png)
![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/743487226607829003/800779152826957855/A321_-_2021-01-19_1.15.37_am.png)
